Tap 3: A Match 3 Mobile Game... That's NOT a Match 3 Mobile Game.

Hi [NAME],

Introductions Should Always Come First
First, thanks for taking the time to read this review request for Tap 3! 

Second, I want to get one thing out of the way right from the start: this is a copy and paste e-mail. It's about as copy and paste as it gets (minus a few "ctrl+h" commands). Unfortunately, I just don't know you, personally. You don't know me, personally. It's disingenuous to pretend. But hey, maybe that won't be the case some day. Until then, you should get to know Tap 3, personally...

What is Tap 3, Anyway?
Tap 3 is the first mobile game release from Out of Orbit Games, a fancy term that (roughly) translates to "Daniel Lowe made this on his couch." 

Tap 3 is a game about matching 3 tiles, but it is NOT another "match 3" game. Tap 3 is not a Candy Crush clone (or a Candy Crush clone, clone). 

Let me explain.

In Tap 3, the player (hopefully that means you, [NAME]), is presented 9 tiles and a matching rule each round. Tapping 3 tiles of the same color, shape, or style (based on the rule for the round) wins the round. Failure to do so results in... failure. If that sounds like a complicated mess, check out the screenshots. :)

The Different Ways to Play
The idea is simple. The game is anything but. Four game modes ensure players of all skill levels can enjoy a good challenge--and the challenge is always increasing. Classic is an extremely hard, twitch-basesd challenge. Countdown rewards speed, but with less stress. Memory puts your mind to the test. 100 Matches is.. well it's pretty chill. 

Random bonus items earned every 5 rounds can help with tricky rounds. It all comes down to speed, accuracy, and focus. 

So, What Do You Say? Will You Give Tap 3 a Try?
If any of the above sound worthwhile, please consider checking out Tap 3 and reviewing it. It's free. It's available now. And it's calling your name... [NAME].

Thanks again for reading. I look forward to the day I do not have to resort to copy and pasted emails with you, [NAME].

Daniel Lowe
Out of Orbit Games
